Refining casing for Data Studios (#247)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.1/data/data-studios.mdx

This functionality is available to users with the **Maintain** role and above.

You can use any existing data studio as the foundation for adding a new data studio. This functionality creates a clone of the data studio, including its checkpoint history, preserving any modifications made to the original data studio. When you create a session in this way, future changes are isolated from the original session.

When adding a new session from an existing session or checkpoint, the following fields are immutable:

- **Data Studio template**
- **Original data studio session and checkpoint**
- **Compute environment**

To add a new session from an existing **stopped** session, complete the following steps:

1. In a workspace, select **Data Studios**.
1. From the list of sessions in your workspace, select the three dots next to the status message for the session you want to start, then select **Start as new**. The **Add data studio** form opens.
1. Optional: In the **Add data studio** form, customize the following fields:
    - **Data studio name**
    - **Description**: By default, the parent data studio name(s).
    - **Mounted data**
    - **CPU**
    - **Memory**

> 1. Select **Add** to add the new Data Studio.

Reviewer: This is a regression - it's not the Product. It should be "new session"

```suggestion
1. Select **Add** to add the new session.
```
